Chu Yi Chen's voice came cold and cold, scared everyone was surprised, and then all knelt down on the ground.

Wang Zhuo's eyes were still pale, but her eyes were still pale, and she had no better voice

Zhuo Qingyan had to admit that Chu Yichen was a playwright and a professor. She couldn't help laughing and leaned her head against his chest: "Lord, don't talk like that again. Let the outsiders listen to me. I think I'm a shrew..."

"How can it be? My wife's wife is not so strong. OK, she's just fine. She's been blowing the autumn wind for a long time here. Let's go back..." Chu Yi Chen that soft voice whispers, let kneeling on the ground how dare to believe their ears, and just the sound of the sound of drinking is the same person?

"Qiuyi, help the princess back to her house." Chu Yi Chen once again recovered indifferent.

"Yes, Lord." Chen Qiuyi's face is red. They are too good at acting. No, she has to leave quickly, or she will have internal injuries. Then she will have to trouble Dr. Ye.

When Chen Qiuyi came to help her, there was also a hand which was Zhuo qingfan's.

At this time, with a smile on his mouth and a beautiful look on his face, he once again blinded the eyes of the women who were looking up, and several girls had already begun to breathe.

"Can you walk? Or I'll carry you. " Zhuo qingfan was allowed by Chu Yichen to say so in the hall.

Today, they did not come here to eat, but to emphasize their status. At the same time, they let everyone see how high these people are in front of King Ling. Don't try to make these people's ideas in the future, otherwise, there will be no good fruit to eat.

Zhuo Qing Yan micro shake his head: "OK, not so tired."

Chu Yichen walks in front with his hands on his back. Jiang Siyue and Yan Li follow on both sides. Behind them are their party. But the corners of their mouths are full of smiles. Today's play is well performed and the effect is good.

Just when they came to the front hall, guoanhou had already learned about it. They ran over in a panic and stopped Chu Yichen and his party.

"Lord It's because my family education is not strict and the princess has been wronged. Please don't blame me... "

"No matter what, I didn't intend to stay any longer. Today, the scene is very grand. This is also the biggest banquet after my arrival in Kangyang county." Chu Yi Chen that cold attitude, discerning people can see how angry.

Du Binghui stood there with his mouth curled. But he really knew how much the prince doted on the princess. Who gave him the courage? He really wanted to fill the palace with people.

At this time, Fu Qingxuan behind her suddenly whispered to Fu qianyun: "the size is not good, we are also the princess's identity. From where to say, we are much higher than her. Why can't we enter the palace? Don't say to be a side concubine. Even if we are a real princess, it's more than enough..."

Chu Yichen fiercely looked back at the past, although his face was covered by the color feather mask, but the two cold eyes still let people feel, all the people behind them, unconsciously withdraw to one side, and keep a distance with the two idiots, but do not be led.

"Today, in front of all the officials in the county, I explained that Chu Yichen had only one wife in his life, that is Zhuo Qingyan, who would not accept a side concubine, let alone concubines and wives. Those who are disrespectful to Princess Ling are just like disrespectful to me. I will not give any face to anyone. I should know what kind of temper Chu Yichen is If you have the courage, you will try it. "

All of them knelt down on their knees and cried out, "my lord (last general) obey me!"

Chu Yi Chen did not let them get up, but looked at an Guo Hou again: "an Guo Hou, if you want to settle down in my territory, you should tell those who have delusions not to play this spectrum, no discussion."

"Yes, sir." An guohou closed his eyes and felt that the sky was turning.

Chu Yi Chen this time also don't care what, bend back to Zhuo Qingyan to hold up, stride to the house to go, this time where there are people dare to creak.

It was a very good party, so hastily ended. When the adults saw that King Ling had gone, no one would dare to stay. They immediately got up to say goodbye and left the Marquis with their families.

However, some of these people were still talking about it. They said that the house they were living in was too much. King Ling bought the house himself. As a result, he didn't share any worries for him. He wanted to put people in the palace and climb up to the stronghold. Now it's ok. This face is loud enough.

After seeing off all the people, an guohou sat down in the chair in the hall, and his wife and two princesses were standing there. They also knew that they had made a big mistake today.

Fu Shaoyuan saw off the last one and ran in quickly, clutching a face. He didn't know what to say.

"This is really over The previous good impression left nothing You It's my ancestor... " With his eyes closed, an Guo Hou stood up and shook. His wife and uncle went to help him. Fu Shaoyuan immediately went to support him, and they went to the study.On the way back to the palace, there was a lot of excitement in the carriage. Chen Qiuyi almost died of laughter and pointed to two people: "brother Chen, how could I never know you were so good at acting Ha ha... "

"I don't know..." Zhuo Qingyan is also smiling.

"I didn't play it, but to tell the truth..." Chu Yi Chen is in a good mood.

"My Lord, you scared a lot of people this time, do you? Tomorrow, the whole five prefectures and four continents will know that King Ling's wife is too much. " Yan Li rode on the horse and looked into the carriage.

"I think it's good to let those who have always looked down on the princess see it, take care of their mouths, say one more word, and cut their tongues." Jiang Si Yue Dao.

"Yes." Chu Yi Chen nodded to agree with the idea.

Zhuo qingfan sat on the horse all the time laughing, for his sister in the smile, finally can tell the world, no longer need to hide.

Yan Li or asked: "by the way, what are the two princes?"

Chen Qiuyi shook her head and wondered: "I met once in the market before, and their appearance is quite normal. How could I change my face today? Good princess, who can't marry? I have to be a concubine in the palace. I can't understand... "

"What can't be thought of? It's just that your brother Chen is so powerful now. They naturally know that climbing up to him is the key to life." Zhuo Qingyan's indifferent way.

"It's shameless." Chen Qiuyi's four decisive words suppressed several people.

"I'm not right?" She looked at several people without understanding.

"Yes! That's right. " Yan Li and Jiang Siyue speak at the same time.

Zhuo Qingyan directly buried her head in Chu Yichen's arms and hummed: "it's over. I've taught this girl bad. Will Chen Ge always beat me..."

