Anguo Hou is a traditional person, so the banquet is also divided into two places, men and women are separately held in two banquet courts.

In September, the weather in Jiangnan is still hot, and the evening is not so cool. The banquet was set up in a courtyard near a lake and pool in the garden. The scenery here is very good. You can feel the cool when you look at the water.

All the official wives and ladies are praising the beautiful scenery and unique design here.

But if snow early in Zhuo Qingyan and Chen Qiuyi two people's ear tells: "this originally is the Su house scenery, the Anguo Hou has not changed, just cleaned up."

Zhuo Qingyan asked again, "how many family members are there?"

"Not much, one hundred and sixty-seven." If snow answers softly.

"Not much? There are only 100 people in my family. It's really a big family. " Chen Qiuyi pricked her tongue.

"Big families have their advantages and disadvantages. Just look at the posture today, and it won't be very peaceful. You can remember that you should speak less and drink less. You can't be disgraced here. In addition, look at me. If I can't hold the court and pull me, I won't get into trouble for the Lord." She warned everyone.

Everyone is nodding, even the two maids of Chen Qiuyi have long regarded themselves as servants of Prince Ling's mansion.

Mrs. an guohou was almost stunned by those people. When she looked here, she remembered to hang Princess ling here. She walked quickly with a smile. After giving gifts, she went up and said, "it's said that Princess Ling He is an able man. Today I see him, he is really extraordinary and beautiful... "

"Madame Guo'an Hou really can speak. I can't compare with the immortal, but she's just an ordinary person..." Zhuo Qingyan smile, also not surprised, not angry, the appearance of indifferent, and Chu Yi Chen such as a retreat.

The two young ladies of Guoan Hou came over, and after giving a courtesy, they went up and took Chen Qiuyi's hand: "it's said that they have been ordered to come to Kangyang County for some days. How come they haven't become side concubines? Is there someone who won't let you do it... " Fu Qingxuan turned her big black eyes and took aim at Zhuo Qingyan, who was still indifferent to her mother.

Chen Qiuyi's eyes were cold and her smile on her face was also stiff: "don't talk nonsense, princess. The days have been set far away..."

"Sister Chen, this is our private talk. You may as well tell us the truth. Did the princess intentionally refuse you to enter the door?" Fu qianyun's heart is a little bit more, depressed the voice to ask a way.

Chen Qiuyi quietly took back the hand that they had seized, and she gave a slight smile: "how can the two princes think so? His highness Ling has his own arrangement, and the princess is also a very easygoing person. I like her very much. She treats me well, and there is no matter you guess."

At this time, ye and his wife were chatting with Zhuo Qingyan. Those other officials and wives did not dare to come forward. After all, they were princesses. They were really afraid that they might say something wrong and implicate their husband's official career.

They formed a small circle to chat with each other, but I don't know who talked about Princess Ling at this time, starting from the legend of Silly Princess.

Hou Ye's wife had said some grateful words before, because she knew how to come to Kangyang county this time.

"The princess has been in the door for more than a year, nearly two years? Why don't you see joy? " Hou Ye's wife asked with a kind smile.

Zhuo Qingyan still indifferent expression, she now understand why Chu Yichen has always been like this, do not show their own preferences, the other side is not easy to guess, on the one hand, also dare not too close, can block a lot of trouble.

But the old woman in front of her did not eat this kind of food. What's the purpose?

"Yes, I didn't feel very well some days ago. The Lord visited many famous doctors for my illness, and now he is still recuperating..."

"So it is. The princess should take good care of her body. This body is a big thing and can't be anxious, but..." Hou Ye's wife's tone changed again. She had something to say.

"What? Hou ye and his wife might as well say that I didn't understand these things before, and I didn't have any personal advice. I really don't know about some things... " Zhuo Qingyan is still indifferent, but the glimmer of eagerness in her beautiful eyes makes her very helpful.

"Princess, don't blame me for talking too much. If you're not feeling well, you will suffer. Moreover, the prince is in his prime, and the issue of children is also a great event of the family. You should have some plans..." The tone of Hou Ye's wife was softer.

"Oh? But the Lord This is not what the princess said... " Zhuo Qing Yan shrugged his shoulders in embarrassment, but he was still indifferent.

Hou Ye's wife laughed and said, "I'm really embarrassed. I'm young. Naturally, I don't know what's going on here. Isn't that old lady of Chen's cabinet come for some days? I haven't entered the house yet, but I have entered the mansion as a girl. If the princess doesn't mind, I can recommend another one... "

"Oh? Which lady is it? " Zhuo Qingyan really understood this time. It turns out that this old woman is protecting the media here, and this person is mostly from her mansion.

Sure enough, Hou Ye's wife pointed to the two princes who were talking with Chen Qiuyi: "the princess, look, which one and the eye, will take back, even if it is a concubine room for the prince.""It won't work." Zhuo Qingyan's voice was slightly louder. Chen Qiuyi, the three people over there, and the ladies and ladies chatting not far away also heard it. They all looked over.

Hou Ye's wife's face was cold, and a trace of unhappiness flashed in her eyes, but she asked in a soft voice: "I don't know why the princess is not satisfied?"

"It's not that the princess is not satisfied, but it's unfair to the two princes. No matter who she is, they are all the main families. They are the legitimate daughters of the marquis. How can they be allowed to marry down to be concubines in the royal palace? It's too damaging to the prestige of an guohou..." Zhuo Qingyan's voice is still some big.

However, what they said made everyone feel very reasonable. In the eyes of Hou ye and his wife, there was more disdain. They wanted to cling to the high branch of the prince. They wanted to be crazy. They gave their own princess to be concubines. They didn't even need a concubine. It's so I'm in a hurry.

Hou Ye's wife's face is also a little hanging, Chen Qiuyi is afraid of Zhuo Qingyan's loss, so she quickly walked back, stretched out her hand and gently held it with her. Her eyes were full of inquiries. After seeing her give her a "nothing" look, she put down her heart.

The two princesses of Fu family came over and laughed at Zhuo Qingyan. Fu qianyun said in a soft voice: "the princess said yes, but since ancient times, it is common for a man to have three wives and four concubines. As a proper wife, you should have that measurement, otherwise you will be criticized as jealous of your wife..."

